# Colours
# Dark: #353c4a
# yellow: #ebcb8b
# green: #a3be8c
# red: #bf616a
window.active.title.bg.color: #353c4a
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #353c4a
window.active.label.text.color: #f0f0f0
window.inactive.label.text.color: #f0f0f0

# Hide bloat
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0

# Set border width
border.width: 0

# Set title colors
window.*.title.bg: Solid Flat
window.*.*.bg: Parentrelative

# Padding
padding.width: 10
padding.height: 12

# Close button
window.active.button.close.unpressed.image.color: #cc575d
window.active.button.close.pressed.image.color: #cc575d
window.active.button.close.hover.image.color: #f2676e
window.inactive.button.close.hover.image.color: #f2676e
window.inactive.button.close.unpressed.image.color: #cc575d
window.inactive.button.close.pressed.image.color: #cc575d

# Max button
window.active.button.max.unpressed.image.color: #a3be8c
window.active.button.max.pressed.image.color: #a3be8c
window.active.button.max.hover.image.color: #C4E4A8
window.inactive.button.max.hover.image.color: #C4E4A8
window.inactive.button.max.unpressed.image.color: #a3be8c
window.inactive.button.max.pressed.image.color: #a3be8c

# Iconify button
window.active.button.iconify.unpressed.image.color: #ebcb8b
window.active.button.iconify.pressed.image.color: #ebcb8b
window.active.button.iconify.hover.image.color: #ffdc97
window.inactive.button.iconify.hover.image.color: #ffdc97
window.inactive.button.iconify.unpressed.image.color: #ebcb8b
window.inactive.button.iconify.pressed.image.color: #ebcb8b
